Vice President, I mean we are leaving,
How could I photograph you?
Boss, I won’t bother Cheng to say,
Are you my husband looking at me like this?
You asked me to pretend to be in charge of his husband,
How did I kill this product?
Ah, like that, the faces that open their eyes and pat each other are full of emotions,
If I had said that, would I still be able to get out alive today?
Well, it doesn’t look like it, I haven’t had anything to do with you for a long time,
No, no, no for a long time, one year
It is indeed one year, maybe longer. If one looks at one year
The child from our description could be mine.
We just asked me
What if something like that happens?
Then are you